Feat / ios swipe optimization v3 (#55)
Videodock/tile-slider: README.md

yarn
yarn start
```

> To serve on a local network (replace `0.0.0.0` with your machine's local IP address):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `--host 0.0.0.0` argument to make the dev server available on your local network:
```

Author: It took me a while to figure out that you (read: I) should put exactly your local IP, you cannot create a new one. That's why I put the comment.

Reviewer: Yes, it took me some searching as well. I'd expect that adding `--host` was enough, but it's not 😄 

But you don't have to specify a local IP; by specifying `0.0.0.0`, the server is bound to the local network. Using `localhost` as the value will only work on your own machine.
